Here's how you fix your pelvic tilt.
Step one, don't. The scientific name for
this is lordosis, which just means
arching. If it's super exaggerated, it's
called hyperordosis, and it's not going
to kill you. But if you never switch up
your posture, like working at a desk all
day, you're going to develop stiffness
in whatever position you choose, whether
that's kyphosis or lordosis. Motion is
lotion. Get good at this and this. Two,
if you're insecure about your butt
sticking out or not sticking out,
posture is malleable. If you're stuck
like this, stretch your hip flexors.
This is easy, medium, and hard. And your
lower back flexion, easy, medium, hard.
And if you're stuck like this, stretch
your abs. And this right here is easy,
medium, and
hard. And stretch your glutes. And
you're going to start with easy, medium,
and hard. And number three, avoid myths
about posture. It's actually due to weak
glutes. Well, it's actually due to weak
core. No, your hip flexors are weak
because you overstretched them. You need
to strengthen them. Guys, these are
myths. These all could be true or they
all could be false depending on the
person. What we do know about posture is
this. Posture is not correlated with
back pain. Those posture correctors that
you put on actually keep you from moving
and therefore make you stiffer. And bad
posture is not the enemy. Stiffness is.
In any case, you can either follow just
the exercises in this video or you can
also download my spinal flexibility
ebook for free. Stay flexy.